The contributing guide was overly strict about the use of classes. (#2172)
cookiecutter/cookiecutter: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Coding Standards

- PEP8

> - Default to functions. Classes should only be used when there is a compelling reason, for example, when inheritance is required for custom Jinja2 extensions. Tests are another exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Functions over classes, except in tests or when classes provide a compelling advantage (e.g., inheritance for custom Jinja2 extensions)
```
